two forms: bottom-up algorithms and top-down-based algorithm.
Bottom-up:
place each object ina separate cluster at the beginning of the work, and then merge clusters into larger ones
until all the objects in the dataset are contained in the one cluster, building a system of nested partitions.
Top-down:
at the beginning, all objects are placed in one cluster, which is then divided into smalled and smaller clusters.
result of such algorithm, usu. presented in dendrogram(graph in tree form).

Problems:
1:determining the stop condition in such a way as to isolate natural clusters and, at the same time, prevent excessive
clustering.

2:a siginificant computational complexity of the method when applied to large datasets.


several metrics or linkage criteria:
Single linkage: in this method, the distance between the two clusters is determined by the distance between
the two closest objects (nearest neighbors) in different clusters. The resulting clusters tend to chain together.

Complete linkage(distance between the most distant neighbors): In this method, the distances between clusters are determined by the largest
distance between any two objects in different clusters (that is, the most distant neighbors). This method usu. works well when objects come from
separate groups. 
Good when objects come froms separate groups.
Bad, if the clusters are elongated or their natural type is chained, then this method is unsuitable.


Unweighted pairwise mean linkage: In this method, the distance between two different clusters is calculated as an average distance between all pairs
of objects in them. This method is useful when objects form different groups, but it works equally well in the case of elongated (chain-type) clusters.

Weighted pairwise mean linkage: This method is identical to the unweighted pairwise mean method, except that the size of the corresponding clusters (the 
No. of objects conatined in them) is used as a weighting factor in the calculation.

Weighted centroid linkage: In this method, the distance between two clusters is defined as the distance between their centers of mass.

Weighted centroid linkage (median): This method is identical to the previous one, except that the calculations use weights for the distance
measured between cluster sizes.
